Welcome back into the previous lesson we saw how we can retrieve information from the object.
And this time let's update some information object.
And we actually had a clue earlier on when we looked at this constructor method because we saw that
we could just like we are setting variable values and were setting array values.
We can set values for the object so we can do the same thing that we've got over there are going to
get rid of some of this access here and I'm going to just simply output car and update this to be car.
So if we want to change our Mustang color from red to blue and we can go and we can refresh it and we
can see that now that color is blue.
So it's as easy as that.
Specify what you want to change and you're able to make that change directly within your object.
So it's as easy as that to make updates to our values.
And of course we can also do this in the console here so we can update the value.
And of course we need to do that assignment operator.
So if we want to sign it and make it black we see that our response back is whatever.
Then you assign that value is.
And now if I go car I can see that the color has changed.
So this is the same thing.
If we do the bracket notation.
So if we do color and I it keep changing this color.
So it's a lot easier to change it within the object than it would actually physically be able to paint
it.
But that's beside the point.
So let's change it to yellow and refresh it and we can see that now our car color yellow we refresh
the object and we can see now the color is yellow.
So it's as easy as that to make changes.
And also if I want to delete out of value from my object so let's say I don't want to use color anymore
I can use the keyword delete and then I can specify car color and we can see that it comes back.
True because it actually existed within the object.
And now when I list the object it's gone.
So we don't see it anymore within our object so we can't delete it.
That's those items and then added I can all we to do is car dot color.
So the same way that we were creating it.
And let's let's bring it back to our bread Mustang.
So now when I put a car we can see that the color is back in there and it's red now.
So you can see how easy it is to update the content contained within the object and make use of that
within your javascript.
And lastly I kind of want to go back to what we've been doing earlier where we look at typeof.
So what do you think type of car is going to be.
We saw that arrays came back as objects.
So what do you think this one's going to come back as and if you object.
You're correct because objects are objects in Javascript.
So what I want you to do now is take what you've learned in this lesson and try it for yourself.
Work with creating some objects again looking around at what you see in the real world.
Create an object around it and then update that object with some additional values.
With new lines of code and you syntax.
So making some updates to your original object as you make some more observations and see what other
properties those objects have.